[docs] Update core-db contribute docs (#14729)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/contribute/core-database/run-unit-tests.md

### Run all tests

> After you've already built the C++ and Java code, you can run the Java tests using following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you've built the C++ and Java code, run the Java tests using following command:
```

```sh
./yb_build.sh release --scb --sj --java-tests
```

> If you omit the release argument, it will run java tests against debug build, so you should either omit `--scb` or first build debug binaries by running `./yb_build.sh` with no test options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you omit the release argument, it will run Java tests against the debug build, so you should either omit `--scb` or first build debug binaries by running `./yb_build.sh` with no test options.
```

To run a specific Java sub-test within a test file use the # syntax, for example:

```sh
./yb_build.sh release --scb --sj --java-test 'org.yb.client.TestYBClient#testClientCreateDestroy'
```

### Viewing log outputs

You can find Java test output in files typically matching this pattern: `java/*/target/surefire-reports_*/*-output.txt`.

> After running a specific Java test, it should output the log location. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Test output includes the log location. For example:
```
